login page
directs to home
create a game, join session
1. create session
   form to enter
   story details
   deck type
   other options
generate a session with an id.
this id can be used to join a session by others
2. join a session 
   enter session id to go the game
a session is completed when all the cards are unveiled- either creator can stop the game, or create a countdown after which a game stops
-after game stops,cards are revealed to everyone
-creator can ask for comments if he believes a common consensus is not achieved.
-after which creator can restart the game and so on.
-he can also end the game.
ui for creator
-list of all partcipants
-option for unveiling the cards
-list of rounds, and scores of each member for the round,after round ends
-option of starting a round, a countdown starts, currenttime-round.timeentered
-option for ending the game

ui for member
-list of all participants
-list of rounds, and scores of each member for the round
- a common comments section, where each member can give their input

backend- database
tables for user, his info, list of sessions he created/participated
table of sessions, story details,creator,list of participants,list of rounds,each round has list of scores of participants,
session details: story details, list rounds
round details: list of participants and their scores(scores are updated as soon as they click on a card),status:active/inactive(depends on whether
creator has clicked on unveiling of cards),time started,time finished

a member can join a go to round only if it is active.

ui-
user component, sessions component,round component,list of sessions a user participated/created


Description:
Planning poker in which user can join or create a game of poker, in which he can rate a story from numbers of fibonacci sequence
Flow:
A user can create a game or enter one via a session id,
A session id is generated whenever a user creates a game,unique for each game.
As a creator, he needs to give input about story details, type of deck, other options to create a game
As a member of a game, one can join a game via session id.

The creator can start a game, in which other members are allowed to join.
Each game can have multiple rounds depending upon the creator.A round is started by the creator
When a round starts, a member of the game rates the story and waits for creator to finish the round.
When a round finishes, creator as well as members can see all the cards/scores of participants.
Creator start another round if believes a consensus is not attained based on the scores of last completed round
A comments section is available where any member can provide comments/justification for their scores after a round ends
Creator can end the game at any point.

Database:
A user table with entries- list of games participated/created, other personal details about user
A game table with entries- story name,story description,list of rounds,creator
A round table with entries- round number,status-active/inactive,starting time,completion time,list of participants and their scores

UI:
Angular-
Components: user component, game component, round component
Link to database:
whenever a user creates a game, a game is created with and entry is done in database,
when a user joins a game/round, specific round table is updated in database.
whenever a user selects a card, the score of that user is updated in round table
similarily time of round start and time of round end depends on the creator starting/ending a round in UI.












